Add E2E Tests for Wok (#292)
kimchi-project/wok: tests/ui/README.md

# Wok E2E Tests

The tests are located in `tests/ui`. You should go to the directory to start them
```
$ cd tests/ui
```

## How to run

First you need to install all dependencies to run the tests

### Optional: install a virtual environment

```

> $ python3 -m venv .env

Reviewer: Do we still need `.env` ?

Author: The virtual environment is not mandatory, just put this if the dev wants to isolate the python libraries. 

That's why is optional

$ source .env/bin/activate
```

### Install deps
```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Run in headless mode

> The script expect some environment variables to run kimchi-project tests, which are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script expect some environment variables to run Wok tests, which are:
```
